Story Blocks
------------

Known Issues: The Right Non BG Image view mode has the link not at the highest weight, but
right below videos. Not sure where that setting is.

This is a feature module that provides a framework for creating views in which each row
of the display can have a different layout.

One use case for story blocks is a homepage on which there are a number of rows that tell
a story- perhaps a product pitch. This can usually be done with a simple view, but
what if you want each row to alternate the position of an image (right, left, right, left)?
What if you want each row to have a different layout altogether?

That is where Story Blocks come in. The module is really just outlining a pattern you can
use to make such lists. It uses a number of components, working together, to make the desired
effect:

1) A "Story Block" node type
2) An entityqueue for organizing the story block nodes into a list
3) A view to display the queue of nodes
4) Drupal 7's built-in field api "view modes"
5) Display Suite "extras" view-mode switcher to select the view mode for each node
   in the queue

The module comes with the node type (including an image field, video embed field, a link
field, and a body field), a sample entityqueue, 4 sample view modes, and a sample views
display.

Using these sample components, you can easily create a story block list and see how
it works!

1) Navigate to /node/add/story-block, and create new story block node(s). At the bottom
   of the form, select which "view mode" with which you want to display the new node.
   The 4 sample view modes use a side-by-side 2 column layout with the body text either
   on the left or the right, with the image field displaying either as a background or
   normal image tag on the other column.
2) Navigate to /admin/structure/entityqueue and add your new story block nodes into the
   provided sample queue. Order the nodes as desired.
3) Navigate to the <front> page, and see your story blocks in the correct order and all
   using the desired view modes. Cheers!!
